Meeting Minutes from 6/19/2015

Elizabeth – Contact government with question:
Does the hosting provider have to be free an open source?

Front end language:
Angular
NoJS ntoolkit  for now but may also  be using java/tomcat

Everyone look at the API and learn it

This shows more detail information about the api
https://open.fda.gov/api/reference/

Elise spoke about ideas-
Locations and concerns for people on food issues (grocery stores etc… recalls)
Notices and messages
Recalls
Text messages
Maps
Information about what people can do

Must have 5 open source tools in the project seems this won’t be an issue but we need to keep an eye on it

Jim will take care of Azure platform for people to use
Jim will take care of Linux on Azure
Jim will research monitoring tool Elise brought up duckboard
Jim will take care of writing up instructions on how to download, install, and run 

Elise to research and look into Docker as container
Elise set up automatic emails for new code pushes or at least manually send them

Gene and Justin – both register to app. and write test calls to open fda 

Would like to have a place to store registration info best case scenario but at minimum session based only

Jim and Elizabeth to work on customer enterprise model user test analysis

I will put this out on github but wanted to get this out asap via email at least. Once on github feel free to update. I will add user stories for the items I already have people assigned to.
Tomorrow we will come prepared to talk about next round of user stories. If you have some prior send them and I’ll compile.

Thanks!

Amy
