Meeting minutes 6/23/15

Jim- Sorry we missed you. Here are some things we need from you:
1.	Active testers – who 
2.	I added an issue for the listing Elizabeth posted out on sharepoint of all the items that need to be marked off on the list she needs you to go through that list and mark yes or no next to each item.
3.	Verbiage to go on the welcome page of the application Gene is adding a link on this page but the developers need to know what to put on that page.
4.	Elizabeth didn’t think that the copyright waiver information needed to be sent to the government please confirm.


Elizabeth-
1.	Waiting to hear back from Jim on the copyright waiver detail (item 4 above from Jim)
2.	Needs the list of requirements to be updated (item2 above)
3.	Waiting to hear back from government about the question submitted it should be posted by noon tomorrow(Wed).
4.	URL for testing or looking at the app.
5.	Follow up with Bryan Casey on price proposal

Elise-
1.	Pipeline – in progress
2.	Shipyard has been sent out to team as the dashboard tool it ties into Docker.
3.	Autodeploy ready 
4.	Setting up load balancer cluster staging and prod
5.	Send out url to team including Elizabeth so she can look at it

Justin-
1.	Working on map – in progress
2.	Local testing – in progress
3.	Generating local tokens – in progress
4.	After Gene is complete populating Justin will finish up

Gene- 
1.	Remove drugs module not being used – in progress
2.	Work on food list – Select list get details filter by state and show no more than 25 records at a time by date with the latest being on top (decending) in progress

Amy – 
1.	Clean up backlog may not need all the modules that are there
2.	Follow up with Jim
3.	Clean up status


Let me know if I missed anything.

Thanks,

Amy
