Meeting minutes 6/24/15

General Announcements:
Proposal submission extended to 7/1/2015
Answers to the question we submitted about the hosting provider needing to be free/open source may not come until 6/26 (answers to questions also got extended)
We’ll see where we are at Thursday and Friday to determine if we need update meetings over the weekend.

Jim-
1.	 provide welcome page content to team Gene will add it in
2.	Update user story  and artifacts for providing feedback to attachment E and F (per Elizabeth’s emails)
3.	Do we need to send copy write info to government? Elizabeth wanted your feedback.
4. Collect user feedback


Elise-
1.	Pipeline – Still in progress. No longer using port 3000. Pretty much complete hooked up with container - done
2.	Shipyard has been sent out to team as the dashboard tool it ties into Docker. – decision to  replace it with Kubernetes and a shell script to replace the auto deploy functionality. Nginx to handle load balancing.
3.	Auto deploy - done
4.	Setting up load balancer cluster staging and prod (Nginx) – in progress rebuilding
5.	Send out url to team including Elizabeth so she can look at it – in progress
6.	Architecture diagram.
7.	Ardentmc email account work with IT dept. and provide for url

Can we switch to someone other than Azure-Google cloud provider Jim said it was ok

Justin –
1.	Still working on maps hoping to finish today
2.	Pushed fixes for tokens and facebook/tokens


Gene-
Search Queries working – adding labels

Elizabeth- 
 waiting to hear back regarding question submission the government has until 6/26 to respond.

Bryan-
joined the team and will be providing feedback on the application

Thanks,

Amy

