Meeting minutes 6/26
Jim- Do you know who has been identified to do the compliance check as well as the google form for submission ? who will submit on e-buy ? 

I saw email from Elizabeth that the contract may be extended? We’ll have to check in with our projects if that happens there are a lot of things that have been put on hold and not sure if we can commit to future dates we can get the prototype to a point for submission 7/1 but after that date not sure that we can commit more time as we have deliverables to clients on our current projects. Maybe that extra time can be used for other deliverables like the contract attachments etc… that are required for the proposal.

Elise- She already addressed Jim’s concern and moved the Ardentmc logo. I think it looks good.
Elise – working on the cluster issues
Elise- has another name instead of FoodRX and will be emailing team with that suggestion shortly

Justin – social media is working but there are some issues between cluster and the original kubernetes  url. Facebook seems to be an issue still looking into it.

Gene -  will be merging and checking in his changes by end of day today regarding navigation

Megan – starting the work on the mockup mobile design will let us know if any questions

Justin is travelling over the weekend so will send email updates
Elise is tied up with personal matters and will send email updates
Amy is moving this weekend and tied up with personal matters but will be available off and on but will follow up on email updates
Elizabeth – out of office
Since most of the team is unavailable for personal reasons out of our control over the weekend for a phone update call we will give status updates tomorrow via email.

I’ll schedule new phone update meetings for Monday.


Thanks,

Amy

From: Jim Correll 
Sent: Thursday, June 25, 2015 11:26 AM
To: Amy Rosen; Elizabeth Mathew; Elise Walker; Justin Downs; Gene Staten
Cc: Bryan Casey
Subject: RE: Meeting minutes

Thanks Amy.

A couple of more notes for the team:

•         As we work through the redesign, let’s remove the ArdentMC capital.  I’m not totally committed to that, but let’s see what it looks like on its own.
•         Let’s settle on a name for the product.  I’m going with FoodRx.  Feel free to vote it down, but if you do, you must provide an alternative name.
•         More frequent check-ins please!   I only allow five hours per day for eating, sleeping and family.
o   Okay, I’m kidding of course, but if possible, let’s do small batch sized commits more frequently, rather than big pushes.


Thanks, Team!

From: Amy Rosen 
Sent: Thursday, June 25, 2015 5:19 PM
To: Jim Correll; Elizabeth Mathew; Elise Walker; Justin Downs; Gene Staten
Cc: Bryan Casey
Subject: RE: Meeting minutes

I should add that we spoke about material design the team did not think we had enough time.
We also spoke about changing the way we present search and the map but decided to keep it the way it is for now due to time constraints.

From: Amy Rosen 
Sent: Thursday, June 25, 2015 11:18 AM
To: Jim Correll; Elizabeth Mathew; Elise Walker; Justin Downs; Gene Staten
Cc: Bryan Casey
Subject: Meeting minutes

Meeting minutes from 6/25 (both standup and design meeting) Let me know if I missed anything or any questions

Justin –
* fixing issue with social media login (user story already entered and assigned)
* work with Gene on questions he has regarding navigation requirement (Assigned to Gene)
* Map - complete

Gene – 
*Based on Jim’s idea re-do navigation to be more like github- User either signs in or signs up and the pages will display in more of the github way ( will enter user story)

*also fix the search so the search by state is clearing out appropriately ( Bug already entered and assigned)

Elise – 
*New priority – Explore bootstrap see if can generate css and make the site little more colorful /user friendly research this and let us know by Friday if this will be too much effort 
*URL exposed and complete ready for use – complete
*Email set up but not turned on currently (we don’t want to get bombarded)
*Architecture design – open
*Load balancer cluster staging and prod – in progress

Jim – 
*Welcome page content
*Update artifacts attachment E and F from Elizabeth’s email
* Collect user feedback

Elizabeth – 
* waiting to hear back from government on question submitted deadline is 6/26

Thanks,

Amy
